Murdered by adulterers
Do you have evidence?
Your Majesty, don't listen to Concubine Qin's nonsense
The King of the North has been very persuaded
What to complain about
Back then, my father led the three armies that advanced northward to solve the war
An uprising suddenly invaded by the Cao army
But you sent someone to the border
It's me, it's an edict from His Majesty
Back then, Your Majesty's dragon skin was like
Bedridden and leaping to life, I run the Beijing Military Affairs Office
But King Beijing fled
No you fart
Altered the decree without permission
Pushed with my father to the bitter cold
Give me all the military supplies
Girlfriend, you are a bunch of nonsense
Nonsense!
in line
What Qin Feiyang said just now is true
Your Majesty, don't listen to Concubine Qin making up nonsense
How dare Wei Chen pass on the imperial decree to you privately?
Your Majesty
Qin Feiya
I'm afraid you've lost your mind
There is ironclad evidence that your father, the King of Zhenbei, plotted against you back then
You want to part now
Do you know the crime of bullying the king?
How is it?